[core] Improve release process docs (#12977)
mui/mui-x: scripts/README.md

After documentation is deployed, publish a new release on [GitHub releases page](https://github.com/mui/mui-x/releases)

> Create a new release on the newly published tag, then copy/paste the new changes in the changelog while removing the "version" and "date" sections. Eg: the first line of the release should be something in the lines of `We'd like to offer a big thanks to...`

Reviewer: WDYT about making it shorter and less reliant on existing changelog formatting? 🤔 
```suggestion
Create a new release on the newly published tag, then copy/paste the new changes in the changelog while removing the "version" and "date" sections. If in doubt, check the previous release notes.
```

### Manually create the release tag

If the `pnpm release:tag` fails you can create and push the tag using the following command: `git tag -a v4.0.0-alpha.30 -m "Version 4.0.0-alpha.30" && git push upstream --tag`.

### release:publish failed

> If you receive an error message like `There are no new packages that should be published`. Ensure that you are publishing to the correct registry, not `verdaccio` or anything else. If you need to reset your configuration, you can run `npm config delete registry`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you receive an error message like `There are no new packages that should be published`. Ensure you are publishing to the correct registry, not `verdaccio` or anything else. If you need to reset your configuration, you can run `npm config delete registry`.
```
